README.md, before:

# holbertonschool-web_back_end



## Table of Contents
- [Conventional Commits](#conventional-commits)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Bugs](#bugs)

## Conventional Commits
This project follows the conventional commits specification for commit messages.
You can find more details from [Conventional Commits](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/blob/main/CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md).

## Code Formatting and Style
This project follows the Pycodestyle (formerly known as pep8) code style guidelines to maintain consistent and readable code. Pycodestyle is a tool to check your Python code against some of the style conventions in [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/).

## Features

- **[python_variable_annotations](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_variable_annotations):** Explore a wide range of python annotation.


- **[python_async_function](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_async_function):** Explore a wide range of python async function.

- **[python_async_comprehension](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_async_comprehension):** Explore a wide range of python async comprehension.

- **[NoSQL](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/NoSQL):** Explore a wide range of NoSQL.

- **[pagination](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/pagination):** Explore a wide range of pagination.




## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end
   ```

## Bugs
Report bugs on the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/issues) page.

Commit message:

chore: init settings for EC6_promise

README.md, after:

# holbertonschool-web_back_end



## Table of Contents
- [Conventional Commits](#conventional-commits)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Bugs](#bugs)

## Conventional Commits
This project follows the conventional commits specification for commit messages.
You can find more details from [Conventional Commits](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/blob/main/CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md).

## Code Formatting and Style
This project follows the Pycodestyle (formerly known as pep8) code style guidelines to maintain consistent and readable code. Pycodestyle is a tool to check your Python code against some of the style conventions in [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/).

## Features

- **[python_variable_annotations](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_variable_annotations):** Explore a wide range of python annotation.


- **[python_async_function](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_async_function):** Explore a wide range of python async function.

- **[python_async_comprehension](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/python_async_comprehension):** Explore a wide range of python async comprehension.

- **[NoSQL](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/NoSQL):** Explore a wide range of NoSQL.

- **[pagination](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/pagination):** Explore a wide range of pagination.

- **[ES6_basic](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/ES6_basic):** Explore a wide range of ES6_basic.

- **[ES6_classes](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/ES6_classes):** Explore a wide range of ES6_classes.

- **[ES6_promise](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/tree/main/ES6_promise):** Explore a wide range of ES6_promise.


## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end
   ```

## Bugs
Report bugs on the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Goaty-yagi/holbertonschool-web_back_end/issues) page.
